
1. J Bone Joint Surg Br. 1984 Jan;66(1):66-70.

Lambrinudi triple arthrodesis for correction of severe rigid drop-foot.

Tang SC, Leong JC, Hsu LC.

The results of 10 patients with severe rigid drop-foot corrected by the
Lambrinudi triple arthrodesis were studied. The average amount of correction was 
47 degrees, as evaluated from standing radiographs taken before and after
operation. Radiological features of osteoarthritis and of flattening of the talus
were common, but the feet were painless when reviewed at an average of 70 months 
later. A satisfactory range of movement was obtained at the ankle joint.


PMID: 6693480  [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1. Fed Proc. 1984 Feb;43(2):191-5.

Use of isolated brain capillaries and cultured endothelial cells to study the
blood-brain barrier.

Goldstein GW, Betz AL, Bowman PD.

Brain capillary endothelial cells are responsible for forming the blood-brain
barrier (BBB). Methods are now available to isolate microvessels from brain and
study their biochemical and transport characteristics. From these investigations,
new ideas have been proposed concerning the role of endothelial cells in the
function of the BBB. More recently, success in culturing endothelial cells from
brain microvessels has opened the way for novel approaches to the study of the
regulation of endothelial cell permeability. We anticipate continued rapid
progress in this area and expect that this will lead to a better understanding of
the mechanisms involved in the regulation of BBB permeability and brain capillary
function.


PMID: 6692938  [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1. Fed Proc. 1984 Feb;43(2):148-53.

Modeling exchange in capillary beds.

Jacquez JA.

Analysis of the handling of a material by the tissues of an organ after injection
into the arterial inflow requires models of the functional units as well as of
the distribution of the blood flow to the units. The major models of functional
units are reviewed as are the effects of transit time distributions in the large 
vessels and capillaries. Multiple-indicator methods generally do not provide
sufficient information to solve the inverse problem, i.e., to calculate the
kinetics of handling the injected material in the tissue from the venous outflow 
curves. However, the use of simple, plausible assumptions allows one to extract
considerable information from the venous outflow curves. These assumptions are 1)
independence of the probability density functions of transit times for the
arteries, veins, and capillaries, and 2) uniformity of handling of materials that
do not leave the capillaries.


PMID: 6692932  [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1. FEBS Lett. 1984 Jan 30;166(2):273-6.

Purification of a novel pancreatic secretory factor (PSF) and a novel peptide
with VIP- and secretin-like properties (helodermin) from Gila monster venom.

Vandermeers A, Vandermeers-Piret MC, Robberecht P, Waelbroeck M, Dehaye JP,
Winand J, Christophe J.

A combination of three HPLC procedures applied to the venom of Gila monster
(Heloderma suspectum) has led to the purification to homogeneity of two bioactive
components: (i) a 17.5 kDa protein, isolated on the basis of its potent secretory
effect on dispersed rat pancreatic acini, was accordingly designated PSF
(pancreatic secretory factor); (ii) a 5.9-kDa peptide, designated helodermin, was
purified on the basis of its ability to stimulate adenylate cyclase in rat
pancreatic membranes. PSF was unable to activate adenylate cyclase and,
conversely, helodermin was devoid of secretory action.

DOI: 10.1016/0014-5793(84)80094-0 
PMID: 6692928  [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1. Epilepsia. 1984 Feb;25(1):100-7.

Intensive EEG monitoring and psychological studies of patients with
pseudoepileptic seizures.

Wilkus RJ, Dodrill CB, Thompson PM.

EEG/closed-circuit television long-term monitoring was used as a definitive
diagnostic tool to identify and characterize 25 patients with pseudoepileptic
seizures and a similar group of subjects with epilepsy, confirming the value of
the procedure. The groups did not differ with respect to intelligence,
neuropsychological impairment, or incidence of potential etiological factors for 
seizures. Scores on the Minnesota Multiphasic Personality Inventory (MMPI) and
the Hypochondriasis, Hysteria, and Schizophrenia Scales were significantly higher
for the pseudoepileptic group than for the other subjects. As a whole, the former
patients exhibited an MMPI profile pattern frequently seen in the conversion form
of hysteria. A set of three rules derived from the MMPI profiles was used to
classify the patients correctly in 80-90% of cases. As evaluated by the
Washington Psychosocial Seizure Inventory, psychosocial problems of patients with
pseudoepileptic seizures were more severe in certain areas, and appeared to
reflect early family background problems and inappropriate management of their
disorders.

DOI: 10.1111/j.1528-1157.1984.tb04162.x 
PMID: 6692785  [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1. Drugs. 1984 Jan;27(1):1-5.

Traveller's diarrhoea. Is drug therapy for prophylaxis and treatment of real
benefit?

Gracey M.

DOI: 10.2165/00003495-198427010-00001 
PMID: 6692784  [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1. Dtsch Med Wochenschr. 1984 Jan 27;109(4):157-8.

[Bezafibrate-induced rhabdomyolysis in a patient with impaired kidney function].

[Article in German]

Haubenstock A, Schmidt P, Zazgornik J, Balcke P, Kopsa H, Sertl K.


PMID: 6692783  [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1. Dtsch Med Wochenschr. 1984 Jan 27;109(4):153-5.

[Limits of the physician's duty to inform: Western European comparisons].

[Article in German]

Wachsmuth W, Schreiber HL.


PMID: 6692782  [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1. Dtsch Med Wochenschr. 1984 Jan 20;109(3):108-10.

[Therapy of chronic polyarthritis].

[Article in German]

Felder M, Ryser J.

DOI: 10.1055/s-2008-1069149 
PMID: 6692772  [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1. Clin Orthop Relat Res. 1984 Jan-Feb;(182):90-8.

Total hip and total knee arthroplasty in juvenile rheumatoid arthritis.

Scott RD, Sarokhan AJ, Dalziel R.

Total hip arthroplasty (THA) or total knee arthroplasty (TKA) is indicated for
patients with juvenile rheumatoid arthritis (JRA) when marked joint destruction
is present and pain or deformity compromises function despite optimal medical
therapy. Relief of pain, reduction of the deformity, and dramatic improvement in 
functional status and quality of life can be achieved in most patients.
Functional impairment and deformity rather than pain are usually the primary
indications for THA or TKA. When there is both hip and knee involvement, hip
arthroplasty should probably be done first. Regional anesthetic appears to be the
anesthetic of choice. Careful preoperative planning and the availability of
custom and minisized components are essential. Small bone size, osteoporosis, and
severe soft tissue disease make the surgery technically demanding. Skeletal
immaturity may not contraindicate surgery if the patient is otherwise bedridden
with progressive deformity. In the hip trochanteric osteotomy is often necessary 
for adequate exposure, with the possible exception being a patient with juvenile 
ankylosing spondylitis who is subject to heterotopic bone formation. Although
complete capsulectomy and psoas tenotomy may be necessary to relieve a hip
flexion contracture, a soft tissue release that produces leg lengthening may lead
to nerve palsy. In the hip component loosening has been less common in patients
with JRA than in other young patients who have undergone THA, but it is still the
most frequent cause of failure. In the knee preoperative and postoperative serial
casts can aid in the correction of severe flexion contracture. Secondary patellar
pain has been the most common cause of late failure. Patellar resurfacing should 
probably be performed at the time of the original knee arthroplasty in all
patients with JRA.


PMID: 6692630  [Indexed for MEDLINE]

